The Ports Collection is now git-based (#250)
freebsd/freebsd-ports: CONTRIBUTING.md

> FreeBSD does accept pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FreeBSD Ports changes can be proposed via patches submitted to Bugzilla, Differential Revisions on Phabricator, or Pull Requests on Github.
```

Although, I haven't heard anything from the ports team to suggest that they are switching their preference.

Reviewer 2: I'd make sure that people know of the still experimental nature of prs.

Reviewer: 1 may I join working group?
2 suggestion edited.

> FreeBSD does accept pull requests.
> 
> Please see the [Porter's Handbook](https://docs.freebsd.org/en/books/porters-handbook/) section on [Submitting patches](https://docs.freebsd.org/en/books/porters-handbook/quick-porting/#porting-submitting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# FreeBSD Ports Collection Contribution Guidelines
The FreeBSD Ports Collection prefers code contributions using either:
- A code review in [Phabricator](https://reviews.freebsd.org/differential)
- An attachment on a [Bugzilla ticket](https://bugs.freebsd.org)
GitHub Pull Requests are an experimental feature and should expect additional delay.

To learn more about contributing to the FreeBSD Ports Collection, please see the [Porter's Handbook](https://docs.freebsd.org/en/books/porters-handbook/) section on [Submitting patches](https://docs.freebsd.org/en/books/porters-handbook/quick-porting/#porting-submitting).
```

Reviewer: TIL more about this issue and edited my suggestion above. One thumbs up emoji appeared before today's edit and does not reflect the new suggestion.
